Thank you, everyone. Welcome. Welcome, everyone. Thank you for coming and the participants, again,
making time for this.
And now, again, we're going to go to the teachings of the greatest teachers, kindness teachers,
compassionate teachers, the Buddha Shatya Muni, and that particularly, highlighted by Kebye, the
New Room Leader,
the reading of the famous symbol in the 20th century. So we're following His instructions,
following that.
Again, we have these opportunities, even though our circumstances are really kind of strange and
not exactly what we wanted,
we hear that, but it happens. And in that situation, we're using this something, good, beautiful
purposes, good purposes,
to activate, to strengthen, deepening our dharma understanding. And dharma is so important because
it touches our heart.
It's our nature, nature of everyone. It is kindness, it's compassion. It's loving, love to all the
beings.
It is respect, appreciation. It's non-wholeness. Everything what in the world, whether you have
believed or not believed,
always admires, talks, that is really dharma. That is the teaching of the greatest teacher of the
Buddha Shatya Muni.
He came, Buddha taught, exactly where things are, truth as it is, simple as it is, natural as it is
, where things are as it is.
That's what the greatest teacher, the smart teacher, very simple and a powerful teacher, taught
these 200, 600, maybe wordless echos.
Ever since, so many great beings, also many beings are inspired, attracted by this teaching,
because this teaching is not just a kind of isolated and selective group teaching. It's talking to
everyone, everyone.
It doesn't matter whether you are human or not human. It's teaching, this is teaching to every
admired.
All the sentient beings of six realms, admires, appreciate this teaching because it is love.
It's compassion, it's kindness, it's respect and appreciation.
I'm not just talking this because I believe in the Buddhism, but you look, you read it, you follow
the teaching and instructions.
This is really true, that is what it is. So therefore, whether we have the name of the Buddhism or
not named, those are our principles.
These are our nature. That is what we are really grouping, retouching, reorganizing.
So this is very, in a way, even though the situation is strange and not good, good that happened.
Didn't really wish by anyone's, but that happened.
And we are using this situation, something beautiful, reason and purpose, not just only for us.
We are talking about the body, the thinking of all living beings. We are really talking about that.
It's sincerely we are talking, not just also kind of, but certainly as lip service as well.
Really truly means all that. So therefore, it is something that we really can be generated, enjoy
it,
can be enjoyed in all our reminder of life, these lives.
And according to the Buddha's teaching and the teaching of Guru Vayma Sambha, it will definitely
continue throughout all the way to enlightenment.
So therefore, again, we are going to withstand joy and appreciations and vastness,
motivation of the body together and purely the realization of the Vedayana teachings or practice of
what we have taught.
With that, again, we are following our old breakfast as the great masters of practicing lineage put
into three frames.
The beginning good or noble, middle noble, hard noble.
So we are following that frame and now we are in middle noble.
Middle noble is a noble of that pre-front grasping and cleanliness.
And that means what the brain tries to understand where things are.
Where things are, what that also means, according to the teaching, according to those realization-
related beings,
all things are at a relative level in the Mahayana teaching or in general Buddhism.
It's like mirage, it's like bubbles, it's like reflection moon in the water.
This all like dreams, this all, this is not just object as a dream, but reflection moon in the
water and variety.
Our self is like that, subject and object, all that status.
That is really true. So at least break those understanding is really good, is kind of close to the
nature.
But at the end of time what we have? We always have a solitude thing.
Solitude, solid is solid, conquered, unbreakable in the way, thinking even though it's breakable,
that attitude, that clinging we have, everything is kind of like solid is all right.
That is not true according to the teaching when you have the realizations.
And that really exploring by this, the present, common present, those great philosophers or those
great thinkers or great adventures are exploring.
That's the one really great teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni said, two thousand six hundred, he said, it
's true.
And then according to the Mahayana teaching, that lucid nature is not just lucid,
it's a kind of dream like and variety like that. That is the display of the enlightenment.
Enlightenment, our all-wisdom display, wisdom display, so it's wisdom poems, wisdom songs, wisdom
minds.
All is in wisdom status or enlightenment status.
For those reasons what in the Mahayana teaching often say, three major status, major poem, major
song, major mind and spaces.
Why? What is the major? Major is Sanskrit word, means indestructible.
That means it's not something solid or indestructible, but nature cannot be changed.
Nature cannot be changed by the duality, conceptions.
The deluded mind cannot change, no matter how much we are deluded, how much we go through in
delusions.
Nature is never going to change. Therefore, it is indestructible, infractible.
The nature cannot change. It remains the same as it is. It's what it is, it will be.
It's all in enlightenment status. All in the Mahayana state is very inner teaching state.
And for those reasons what in the teaching state, all every poems are enlightened.
As five male Buddha's, every element is our five female Buddha's. All enlightened.
And that is not solid. The conquering is the display. It is magical show.
And it's like emanations. It's like emanations. It starts forming, changing, reflecting,
back and forth, rejecting. It's all played on the edges. That is true.
This is not just only happening in the outer goal. It's our mind. Our whole systems are happening.
Same way. So have those realization is known as no grasping, no clinging, mundane conceptions.
Conceptions. Bring those realization as you follow the teachings.
Whatever the teaching you are, practice who you are. Kind of trying to bring that.
But also in the teaching in the New Maha schools of Buddhism. Go ahead and guard that.
In relative truth everything is purity states. And absolute truth is all equanimity states.
Equanimity states is all in great emptiness states.
That means the whether form is a great emptiness. Whether soul is a great emptiness.
Whether mind and space is a great emptiness. All in a union. All are in spirit.
Indivisible or inseparable. That nature is that. So bring those realization.
Have that according to sadhana, according to practice with that poet.
In our poems, we are talking about the bodhicchata.
It's also a magic. Where is it coming from? The bodhicchata. Where is that powerful bodhicchata?
Where is das and didn't think that powerful bodhicchata?
Have you started thinking that all is magic? That is emanation. It's miracles.
Miracles of the power of the mind. There is no endings.
This emanation goes on and on. It's unfolding, displayed, multitude of status.
Complexity in a way. So many varieties.
But each all are sparkling. It's all shimmerless. All distracted.
Even though the techie is all different forms. In the Buddha teaching, what is it?
All is within the state of love and kindness, compassion, wisdom.
In the emptiness state, inseparable. All is within that status.
That is what the relief means. The principle, novel without grasping.
Without clingings. Not mundane cling, ordering with emotion,
solids, that kind of tangible thing.
Have you started doing that? In the teaching, the author said,
we are not correctly, verbally doing the practices.
So therefore, with those understanding, now we follow, again,
with our principle novel or the middle novel.
Middle novel is as what we are learning in bodhicana.
It's the act of life in bodhicana. Act of life in bodhicana is summarized
into six paramatas. All six transcendental practices.
And those are, as you all know, and the genderities and the moralities.
And so on, one after another, all that. Six of those.
Each of those, all of these entire six paramata practices,
if you condense that, I said the other day, and you all know, of course.
Knowing is in three extra old age trainings.
And those are the morality training, concentrations, and wisdom.
I said that. That encompasses the entire bodhatiki, the essence,
the essence, the meanings. And this morality, for example, morality practices
of the three extra old age teaching, is mainly dealing with the physical,
physical activities. That is morality activities.
To display, be gentle, more peaceful, more good manner,
more good ethics, more good conduct. Their conduct, their ethics or activity,
they're not going to disturb the others, not disturbing our practice of meditation.
So that is morality. Mainly is connected with the physical activities.
Then concentration is mainly connected with mind. Mind is deeper.
So as I said, physical, not just physical. So if you say also
verbal, this morality is verbally, is connected more principal teaching
on how to behave of our body activity, our verbal or speech activities.
Bring more gentle, more peaceful, more soothing,
more calming to one's own self, as well as other beings, other beings.
That is morality teaching. The next one is,
is concentration. Concentration is teaching on the primary, on the mind.
Mind is more sophisticated, deeper, and the mind is principled. Therefore,
this concentration is teaching every brain, mind,
display, gentle and expertly beauty of the mind.
And then wisdom is to all of us. We need wisdom for the morality.
We need wisdom. We need wisdom for the concentration.
And wisdom is a finite, ultimate goal. Even concentration
well helps to bring the perfect wisdom, knowledge, or the understanding.
That, if we expanded that 33 extraordinary training, training practices,
then it's a six-part-a-mata, as I said. And I'm not a six-part-a-mata.
I mentioned yesterday about generous practices.
And each of those parameters, according, it has four different powers,
four different powers, each of those. As I said yesterday,
I'm sure you heard and you know that. I mean, I'm sure many of you already know
those things. But again, I'm talking the four different powers.
It will purify the opposite or the opposite of those six-part-a-mats.
For example, opposite of generosity is miser,
strange, strange, miser. So when you do generosity, it will purify,
or it will play with strangeness, according. So it's purified.
And when we do this, it purifies the strangeness and misering.
Misering, what is brain's result, temporary result, according to the teaching,
generous brain, it will bring more us, which is very rich.
It will bring abundance. Even when we're doing generosity, looks like we're giving way,
but reality really brings back, returns back. For example, in the
springtime, palm's foot, seed, throwing the grain on the grass,
or on the, sorry, on the field, they're throwing the grains
in the, in the field, field. At that time, looks like that,
that palm was throwing the grains in the soil.
But in the autumn, it will bring more than what you had in the springtime.
That is a logic. And generosity will bring more bundles.
So it will purify the strange, strange, and then strange,
but if we do misering, right, clinging or misering, strange,
the result of the next life. In the teaching said,
it will, it will burn. Of course, with other emotional or
negative karma, it will take us to the hungry god's hands.
It will make the world in the lower hands. So therefore,
each of those parameters will dispel the opposite of those.
Suppose it generously dispels the stingy or the miserous.
Morality, if we keep the morality, it will dispel the unethicals,
immoral, immoral, actively it will dispel. And when we have the patient,
it will dispel the angry, terminus, it will dispel. When we have
due of effort, it will dispel immediately laziness,
sharpness, it will dispel. And when you have the concentration,
it will dispel the distracted, scared mind, distracted mind,
lost mind, it will escape, scared wisdom. And if we have the wisdom,
it will dispel darkness, the ignorance. So therefore,
each of those has power immediately to clear away
the different obstacles, handlers to our practices for our
both each other activities. At the same time, and as I said, the
gendelus we need to do, it will bring the result of the
boundaries. And morality in the teaching said, the
result will be more happier, more peaceful. Morality will bring more
peace and happiness. And the patient will bring more courage,
more confidence, and also will bring more beautiful
compilations, compilations of beautiful looking images.
And joyful effort will bring more dignity,
more fulfillment, more fulfillment. And concentration will bring more calm
in peaceful states. And then wisdom will bring more wisdom,
more knowledge, understanding. So each of those
has all those different powers. Then, so I said, each of those
has powers. I don't have, should say maybe at the
beginning, maybe that is a little easier there. And I said yesterday that too, but
it kind of went with together with many others.
If we're so stable, I'm trying to kind of highlight this.
The first one is, each of those, what the great master
Magdira or Asanga said in the teaching, that
it will defeat the opposite or the obstacles of each of those parameters.
First one is, the second, each of those parameters
will bring the wisdom, realization of the wisdom. It will really bring the
great systems. Each of those will bring wisdom.
So wisdom of the, of course, will gradually bring
realization of the wisdom, the absolute truth,
exactly as it is, exactly it is, but according to the extent of that.
Finally, as I said yesterday, the wisdom that will bring
the pre-print three spheres, subject, object, and activity,
that emptiness realization will bring each of those in the teaching center.
And then the fourth one, sorry, the fourth, not fourth one,
third one, of each of those, it will prefer the wishes of the
individuals, and yours, it will prefer your own,
one's own, it will prefer the wishes and wishes for others, it will prefer.
Such as generously, when you give generously, it will prefer my happy others.
You feel more happy, too. When you give the morality,
it will make happy you, it will make happy others.
And passion, the joyful effort, everything, when you do,
it really proposes the wishes of the, wishes of the one's own self,
as well as others. Then more than that, it will finally, it will help to bring
those connected ones, if they continually have you help,
it will bring to their connected, just the national of the teachings.
According Buddhism, it will bring to the, to the, to the
share of the Jhana, Jhanas, but the Buddha Jhanas,
and the Bodhisattva Jhanas. So it will bring the maturity state of the Ahato,
but, but the Buddha who, any enlightened state,
Buddha who state, it really will lead. So therefore, each of those
has those four different powers of qualities. That is what
these paramatas are. Now, among that, among that, amongst the paramatas,
I said yesterday about the generosity. Today, I'm going to talk
morality paramatas. And I'm going slowly by this time. The reason why,
because we are all in the home, I believe so. We're not going to take
the plans. We're not kind of limited by the one,
one week or three days. And otherwise, we're all busy in the modern
time. Teacher is busy, and students are busy.
They don't have time. And the great Master Long Kimba said in his teaching,
"Don't, in the future, my followers don't do the horse-rest teachings,
horse-rest teachings." Or maybe now, this time,
sport-rest teachings. Teachers don't have time to teach, and make shorter, and
students don't have time to listen, make shorter, everything.
Like that, horse-resting. And this time, since we don't have to do horse-rest
teachings, therefore, I'm really doing slowly by slow.
And practicing, and practicing of the healing practices,
and dedicating all our merit to really to the benefit for all living beings,
also cleverly, these situations, circumstances of purified
sickness and disease. According to the great teacher,
Bodhishaktamuni, he said, "If you have the good thought of
with bodhicata, then all the practice, whether you're
studying, listening, meditating practice, it will all go to the benefit for the
same things. So, we are all knowing that. That way,
I'm going slowly by slowly. That way, I'm going to talk now
with you again, slowly, by slowly, on the moralities.
In morality, I said already yesterday, and you all know that,
Sanskrit is shila, and shila, isolated in the debate,
so to term, so to term, in the debate. And that means,
what each of those great oscillators emanated,
oscillators oscillated, this shila in the soot term,
sorrow means the exiling systems, tame means, as a rule, rule of the system,
exiling systems, or exiling perfect manner,
system of the rule of perfect manner. That is maybe roughly the oscillation of
the shila. Then, in the English, it's isolated as
morality, I believe. Everyone is isolated, but it is
teaching on the conduct, and teaching on the behaviors, and
teaching of this bodhisattva, this time, bodhisattva,
morality is not just only the conduct of the bodhi in the speeches,
but it's the conduct of also mind. So, it is the conduct of the
bodhi, speech, and mind. So therefore, it is more stronger than the
general bodhisattva, teaching in a variety. When I teach,
offering conduct, morality is more indicated
toward the activity of the bodhi and verbal speeches,
but bodhisattva, or mÄhayana, now is, because bodhi together is a mind.
Mind, and therefore, this morality is supported to good, to progress,
to increase bodhisattva. For that reason, it is also mind. Mind, so therefore,
this omniscient morality there. Now, morality,
those meanings, small meanings, also I said,
and now, I'm going to, this is called in the teaching,
morality is divided into three moralities.
And many of you already know that, and that is,
I would say that post morality, that is, post morality is, that will
avoid all the negative activities, negative activities. So that is post
morality. Second morality, I mean, it is one morality, but it is
three. The first is morality, that will avoid
all the negative activities. And the second morality is
gathering all the virtues, virtues, morality,
morality, that gathering all the virtues. And third is morality, that will
benefit or support for all the living beings.
So those are the three moralities. And this first is, again, this morality,
that will avoid all the negative activities.
And that in the teaching set, in the teaching,
what is it about? And if it's also added that English, I think I saw that
this burning thought, this burning thought, you understand?
D-I-S-D-A-D-I-A-N-N-I-N-G, I believe. The standing.
Or another word, a simple one, abandoning thought.
Continue to have the abandoning thought. What are we going to abandon?
We're going to abandon all the negative activities. Negativities.
Not just activities, negative activities. And then it is action.
That abandon, that have come, that attitude, thought,
strongly in the heart and mind. That is actually the morality of the
event learning or avoiding all the negative activities.
That attitude, when you have the mind in the mind,
strongly. That now, that negativity, event and all the
negative activities, then there is negative activities in the
common sense-level negativities. That is worldly customs
in the world existing, such as 10 non-virtues.
10 non-virtues I listed last time, and you all know I'm not going to list all that.
Three by the mind. No, sorry, start with four. Three by the body,
four by the mind, three by the mind. All together,
10 non-virtues. Again, three by the body, and four by the
verbal speech, three by the mind. And those are known
10 virtues. These 10 non-virtues are according to Buddhism.
It's a common non-virtues. You don't have to be,
you have religions or non-religions. It is something
negative, something not also. It's commonly accepted
negativities. Any standards of the countries or the
traditions, regardless of what you believe, according to
the teachings. So that is the negativities. Then
above that, any Buddhism, then such as the negativities
such as avoiding or breaking rules of the vows of the
opasika vows. For example, if you hear the opasika, if you take the opasika vows and break
the rules of the opasika or the lay practitioners.
And the rules of the the novice monks and nuns if you take the vows.
If you take the vows of the nuns and monks, the fully ordered monks and nuns,
if we break the rules. And then you break the rules such as
Buddhism vows, if you take the vows. And the Vedayana vows,
those are known as samayas. Those all are samayas. And that also known as
general samayas, particularly samayas, and as well as those
eight principles. Principles or the 14 dongfos. As
we went last time, little bit really, but we joined
those prayers. Such as when we do the 10th dapuya.
In the 25th dapuya, we do the named as the ini, or
stance king. But all is the purification practices.
It is. Generally, when we happen, for example, these negativities.
When that happens, it's always important. The purify,
it's good. Really purify is so important. Important. And we don't purify, it kind
of piles up. It accumulates up. But if we purify,
then we purify. I mean, it's conscious, you purify.
So therefore, purification, purify is so important.
And how you purify? Generally, in the sutta teaching,
say, the one in the buddha teaching. On vinaya teaching, there is known as
sobjung. Restoring the words and the purification.
Every month, there is two times. In the full moon and the new moon,
they do two times. Gather all the monks in the practice, you know, gather the monks
and doing those seremons. Known as sobjung practices.
And sobjung in the very word, meanwhile, restore
in the purification. And so, that is the purification. And in the bodhisattva
teaching, vinaya teaching, also when you do the purification,
such as do the 35 buddha purification practices.
And those are known also like sutta of three hips.
hip h e a p s hips. What does it mean? The hip of the
all-station, hip of the purification, hip of the dedications.
Those three hip practices with best known 35 buddhas. Again, we have those prayers.
We do those prayers. So do those prayers. And then also in the
teaching said, in the morning, in the evenings, in the
midday, if you can do evening and night, night time,
if you do those mistakes, you should do the purification.
Purification. Three times in the day, if you can.
Three times a day, three times in the night, purify.
Purify any of the mistakes that happened.
That mistakes, anything happened. Whether it's big and small,
purify. And also same time, purify, then suggest
purification practice, such as circulating the monasteries
and stupas. Doing the post sessions, making the offerings
of such as the flowers and incense and the
light of the offerings. And making the community services.
All the service to the temples. All the those all known as purification
practices, also same time, accumulate the merits.
And in the Vedic energy teaching is more of our practices.
Those are known as the practice of the Vedic sago practices.
At purification practices. Those are known as in the Vedic energy teaching,
as many of you all received the funra practices.
And as well as you also can buy worlds, mind practice,
teachers, all other great those books, books and
teachings. Those are known as purification practices.
Ready for powers. Four powers. Ready for power.
Power of the object, power of the conventions,
power of the restoring, power of the applying the antidotes.
Those four powers, you can look to the worlds,
mind perfect, teachers. Teachers, and I mean many of you already know that,
with that thought and practicing of the Vedic sago.
It's so powerful, so special, and it is really purificed. So therefore,
purification is so so important. Then, again, I will talk about that.
And when we have, when this negative video is happening to us,
how that happens? In the teachings, there is a false
force that will happen the negative videos.
And what force is not knowing what is negative, what is not negative.
First is unknowing. And the second is disrespectful.
Disrespectful. And third is carelessness.
And fourth is too much emotions. Those four are known as
source of the poor, source of the poor,
source of the negativities. Poor, poor of the
source of the negativities. Of cause, of poor cause of negativities.
Maybe that's why, sorry. Poor cause of the negativities.
Again, fourth is not knowing. And the second is disrespectful.
Third is carelessness. And fourth is too much emotions, above all
of the emotions. Those are the pro. Pro.
First is that we don't know. That means we can do many mistakes.
So therefore, that is why you should learn, read the books,
receive the teachings, reflect on that. Make a sense, we are practitioners.
We should know. Those are what is good, what is
really negative. And negativity is generally one.
Again, every talk, the generated Buddha teaching is cause of suffering truth.
It's cause of karma, bad karma. Cause of suffering truth. Cause of bad karma.
It is cause of fundamental events. He said deep down,
it's cause of samsara. So therefore, we should really know.
Learn the teachings. Read the books. There are so many beautiful books.
Read the books. Some may highlight the principles, the principles, the vows, or the
guidelines, the negativities. Those are so important.
So this is the first is, so then when you read, when you started,
when you also let me contemplate on those meanings, let me in the mind,
and in the brain, it will be registered in our memory banks.
Banks, that you know. We know. So then we won't have troubles of the
not knowing. Not knowing. So now I don't know.
Many times that happened. Even you know. Even those individuals know as well.
But they become they're respectful. Disrespectfuls. Due to their emotions,
due to their very arrogance, due to their stubbornness,
stubbornness, whatever reason, they didn't respect it. Respect it.
And therefore, again, should be more respectful,
more thoughtfuls. Doesn't matter if it is big
negativity, small negativity, it is negatives. Of course, big
negativity has big consequences. That obviously, but even small negativity
looks like it's small, it has big impacts. And look at this, in the world,
small sparking of the pyre can make the big huge pyre
destroy the whole valley and the mountains.
It's happened so many times, at these times,
in so many different countries. Really, it's started on small.
It can damage it. So therefore, small things, even if it's small things,
we're thoughtful, thoughtful. And should, we should respect, respect
and appreciate and don't entertain on them.
Look to the real, large story of the Buddhas.
Buddha is all-knowing enlightenment. But yet, he's so somewhat, so humble.
Even this Buddha is already enlightened,
free from all obscurations, obstacles. Yet, when we read life story or the
teaching of Ganyalaya, occasionally, when you have time, read it.
And how Buddha's reading is so thoughtful,
so careful, so respectful, so following the common rules.
All those, like 253 rules of the monks, or over 300, whatever,
63 or 62 rules of nonness, all is best upon how to be mindfulness,
how to respect for us, how to be more politeness and calm and peaceful,
to maintain our quality and dignity practices,
same time, not disturbing others. And that means respecting, okay?
Respect and appreciate everyone's. And move slowly, go gently, peaceful.
Look, toss gently, softly, gently. Look to the eye of love and compassion with
others, like smiling, high-pitched, all those of
what the teaching says. How respectful, how humble, how simple,
how down to the earth, earth, not kind of the same braggio, I'm both completely
enlightened, because always, okay, don't, oh, he carry his own,
carry his own arms, balls, carry his own
shoulders, or those, like, ropes, whatever they expect, and those,
those. And walking in the great pit, on the dirt
roads, that is the gracious kindness, teacher,
and teacher of the gods, and humanists, and all beings,
the object of generation, with every living being, these great beings,
that is really how respectful. So therefore,
be respectful, it's so important. And the third one is carelessness.
Carelessness, this is, again, big tower to us. What we need?
We need mindfulness. We need alertness. We need consciousness,
conscientiousness. We really need more mindful, more thoughtful,
more careful, reflecting the activities,
since we are practitioners, particularly. Therefore, can we read our activities,
look to our mind, and how we're performing,
how we're doing? What any teaching says, you should become
teacher to yourself. You should be protractor to yourself.
You should become assistant, help to yourself.
Once you receive the teaching, once you receive the, know the teaching
quite well, how we sustain that, keep that freshness of the teachings,
not let get that teaching kind of almost go expiring,
not let go. How we do? With mind from us, with the alertness, with the
appreciation. Read our mind, activity of the, our,
check our activity of the body, activity of the speech,
activity of the mind. How is it performing that in a group, in a
community, alone? And respect to ourselves, respect
with others. Self-respect is so important. Self-respect
and self-respect at others. Those ancient great masters in God's
musical master say, "Tell yourself of witness, or
there's true witness, how I'm doing. The witness of others,
witness of your own self." We know others witness to you.
They can guide you just to conduct. They want you how you're doing.
They won't understand your mind. But I want to count
two witnesses. One's own self is the best
witness. You should check yourself. No matter whatever they say, others,
they can say, "Well, many things, all nice and beautiful, these and that things,
perfect ourselves." Check that and make our own meaning too.
Meaningful those. Those are known as mindfulness. When you do that,
it's known as respect. Respect to, you're respecting to yourself.
Respect to others. And calm and peaceful. That is practicing dharma.
It's not that we're going sidetracked and distracted that.
And so, therefore, this is called the carelessness.
It will restore the carelessness. We become more thoughtful,
more mindful, more other than this, and then we will be
really good tracks. And then the fourth one
is not too much emotions. Now, for example, you know all those
guidelines, rules, what is negative or what is not negative, all that you know.
So, you know that. But also, now you are very respectful.
You know, you're respectful of the teaching and guidelines and all that.
And also, you're very careful and most time,
but once in a while, one of the emotions. Too much emotion, then we slept away,
or we fell, we fall in a ditch. Teach. Therefore,
always again, too much emotion, therefore,
always good support with our own mindfulness. That's the teaching.
Always imagine God yourself. Support yourself. Emotions are
trouble. It really is just a struggle. Ourself,
others, and then again, emotion is fundamentally
some cause of suffering truth. It creates sufferings.
It creates the calmness. So, therefore, try to not
win under the power of the emotions. Even that once in a while, again,
bounce back immediately and carry that and have some praise, some courage, and
commitment. I am not going to do that again. And not
that, let me that, not that happened by the blessings
of the Buddhas. May I never do that again. Kind of those
praise, those things in the mind, reset that.
That, in the honest end, it will also come.
So it will not become too much power in the power of the, under the emotions.
And we have all those ways. Then we are keeping
among that morality. We are keeping the perfect moralities
of this, avoiding all the negative ways. That is generally, really, really, I'm
talking. And also it is on the dungeon, which is,
you sit here, here, you see, whatever. In the teaching, in the teaching, say this,
this is so. So then we're keeping this way in here.
Love and affection for Samayas, brothers and sisters.
Then we, if we do this, then we're keeping also really
perfect Samayas. Perfect Samayas, we keep that.
Generally, this is the, this is love and affection to
Samayas, brothers and sisters. And which is,
of course, is all gathering love and affection for all the sentient beings.
And then particularly love and affection for all the one Samayas,
we all in the same Samayas, those are the teachings.
But this, again, this, we keep this, what I said, this, avoiding all the
negative ways. Then we're keeping this Samayas, also,
quite very well and beautiful. And I talk this little bit more about
this, then, and how this, this. So, so that's my
little brief talk today and a little bit of time, so sorry, sorry that
but okay. Thank you so much.
Okay, now we do short meditation.
[silence]